# script_PhD
The following scripts have been designed and used in the PhD thesis entitled “Unravelling the relationship between microseism and sea state by statistical and machine learning approaches: Antarctica and eastern Sicily cases of study”. They are subdivided into two folders according to the two different cases of study presented in the thesis: Antarctica and Eastern Sicily.
Regarding the Antarctica case of study, in the folder data_processing, we include the scripts to process the data, in particular for the raw seismic data we developed a script (plot_STFT_RMS.m) to calculate temporal series of microseism RMS amplitude and spectral amplitude. For the sea ice data, we developed a script, time_sea_ice.m, to gather and storage the data input formed by daily image of the south ocean provided by NSIDC (National Snow and Ice Data Center) into a unique file.  The folder cross_corr_maps contain all the scripts developed for the Spearman correlation between the microseism RMS amplitude and the sea ice concentration time series.
For the Eastern Sicily case of study, in the folder rms we include the script to produce temporal series of microseism RMS amplitude and spectral amplitude (seismic_computation.m). In the correlation folder, we include the scripts for the Spearman correlation between sea wave height (data coming from Copernicus Marine Service) and RMS seismic amplitude time series (correlation_waveheight_seismicRMS.m). In the folder array we include the script (fk_analysis.m) developed for the array analysis on the seismic data, based on functions provided by Seizmo. Finally, in the folder machine_learning, we presented the script to predict the sea wave height starting from microseism RMS amplitude using an innovative technique based on machine learning.
